AST-3155 - Fix: Trigger to change event on the input. (#5106)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Improvement: Theme package size has been optimized from 9MB to under 6MB.
- Improvement: Added WPML translation support for Pro Custom Layout's Layout, Display-Exclusion rules, Users rule options.
- Fix: Spectra's Tab anchor links jerks when "Smooth Scroll to ID" option enabled from customizer.

> - Fix: Trigger to change event on the input not working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: WooCommerce - Cart - Realtime quantity updater not working on change of input box when Mix Match plugin is activated.
```
